It's so busy
I heard that your real Xuandelong is auctioned here.
I'm here to join in the fun
Qiuyue, you are here at a great time.
The Xuande Long you bastard gave me is fake
You have to see if it's true or not.
As far as I know
This Xuande stove is an orphan.
At that time, Zhu Zhanji personally read and refined
Drawing patterns is unique
Now it seems
Only one of these two is true.
Jiu Ye, do you think what I said is right?
The deterioration of this Xuande furnace is extremely complicated.
Especially his main brass
It has to be tempered many times
Plus red copper.
There are also dozens of precious metals of gold and silver carefully cast
So his voice
It sounds very heavy.
true or false
I think you should have understood
Therefore, the Xuande dragon of the Xu family is fake